# Canteen-Management

Canteens are one of the favourite places of college goers, thus most of the time they are crowded and over-populated with the teenagers. There are several canteens in VIT, but comparatively way more students, which makes it quite difficult to manage. A lot of time of students are also wasted by waiting inside for the food to come as well as stand in long queues for food. Mismanagement like this can be minimized with the help of the software we are going to propose.
We are putting forward an online restaurant management system for the canteens in VIT, where we can keep a systematic record of the restaurants, as well as make it easier for students to buy food, as well as easier for the cooks to prepare dishes accordingly. Our project is a web application with an aim to provide entire online ordering section with cook as well as students. Its features include an admin login, employee (cook) login and student login. The administrator will be able to add new canteens/food-parks as well as delete a registered one. Students will be allowed to select a canteen and then go through the menu of that canteen, and order accordingly whatever he or she likes, also they can specify by what time they want it. The cook on the other end can go through the orders, and if the cook feels the time of food pickup is very less or they don’t have certain ingredients for a particular dish, they can cancel the order, else, they will accept the order.
Hence, this project produces a manageable and systematic approach of a proper management of canteens in VIT University.
